#NIST-800-53-IA-5 1
##Authenticator Management | Password-Based Authentication

#### Identification and Authentication

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for enforcing the required password
complexity. Microsoft AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A
successful control response will need to address the mechanism used
to enforce complexity.
*/'


##### b
'//*
The custom will be responsible for enforcing the requirement to change
at least one character when changing passwords. Microsoft AAD solution
may be used for this purpose. A successful control response will need
to address the mechanism used to enforce the required change.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer will be responsible for storing and transmitting
cryptoraphically-protected passwords. Microsoft AAD solution may be
used for this purpose. Passwords stored by AAD are automatically
hashed as part of AAD functionality. A successful control response
will need to address the mechanism used to enforce
cryptographic protection of passwords.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer will be responsible for enforcing the required minimum
and maximum lifetime restructions. Microsoft AAD solution may be used
for this purpose. A successful control respinse will need to address
the mechanism used to enforce lifetime restrictions.
*/'


##### e
'//*
The customer will be responsible for enforcing the required number of
generations before password reuse. Microsoft AAD solution may be used
for this purpose. A successful control response will need to address
the mechanism used to enforce the reuse requirement.
*/'


##### f
'//*
The customer will be responsible for enforcing the requirement to
change initial/temporary passwords upon first login. Microsoft AAD
solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control response
will ned to address the mechanism used to enforce the initial password
change requirement.
*/'

