#NIST-800-53-SI-3
##Malicious Code Protection

#### System and Information Integrity

##### a
'//*
The customer is responsible for ensuring that they employ malicious
code protection at information system entry, and exit points to detect
and eradicate malicious code. A successful control response will need
to address use of code protection mechanisms to protect assets from
malicious software (i.e. Viruses, malware, rootkits, worms, and
scripts).
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer is responsible for ensuring that they update their
malicious code protection mechanisms whenever new releases are available
in accordance with organizational configuration management policy and
procedures. A successful control response will need to address that
the protection mechanisms stated in Part A of this control are updated
when a new version or definition release becomes available.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer is responsible for ensuring that their malicious code
protection mechanisms will perform periodic scans on a weekly basis. The
customer will perform realtime scans of files from all external sources,
including endpoints as the files are downloaded, opened, or executed
in accordance with organizational security policy. The customer will
also send alerts to an administrator or another defined security
personnel in response to detected malicious code.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer is responsible for addressing the receipt of false
positives during malicious code detection and eradication. These false
positives will report potnetial impact of the availability of the
information system. A successful control response will detail the steps
taken when false positives are detected within the system with the
resulting impact of availability to the information system.
*/'

