#NIST-800-53-AC-8
##System Use Notification

#### Access Control

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for displaying a system use
notification banner to users. A successful control response will need
to address the conditions under which the banner will be displayed
(if a non-government user accesses the system, the system use
notification banner may not be appropriate), as well as the contents
of the nofication message.
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer will be responsible for displaying the use notification
banner until the user acknowledges the usage condition and takes
explicit actions to further access the system. A successful control
response will need to address the means by which the user will indicate
acknowlegement and move forward.
*/'


##### c
'
'//*
The customer will be responsible for displaying a system use
information message to users. A successful control response will need
to address the conditions under which the message will be
displayed (if a non-government user accesses the system, the system
use information message may not be appropriate), as well as the
contents of the notification message, including references to
applicable monitoring, recording, or auditing, and authorized usage
of the system.
*/'


##### Req. 1
'//*
The customer will be responsible for determining the conditions
under which the system use notification will be displayed. These
conditions must be reviewed and accepted by the FedRAMP JAB.
*/'


##### Req. 2
'//*
The customer will be responsible for how the system use notification
will be verified and how often it should be re-displayed and
re-verified. These conditions must be reviewed an accepted by the
FedRAMP JAB.
*/'


##### Req. 3
'//*
The customer will be responsible for verifying that the system use
notification is being displayed as required, either through a
configuration baseline check or via other means. If this verification
does not happen through a configuration baseline check, the JAB must
review and accept the process used to perform the verification.
*/'

