#NIST-800-53-SI-4
##Information System Monitoring

#### System and Information Integrity

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for meeting the FedRAMP-defined
monitoring objective of ensuring the proper functioning of internal
processes and controls in furtherance of regulatory and compliance
requirements; examine system records to confirm that the system
is functioning in an optimal, resilient, and secure state; identify
irregularities or anomalies that are indicators of a system malfunction
or compromise. It is common for network service providers to impliment
this control on behalf of infrastructure components. A successful
control response must articulate how  both technology and process is
used to identify attacks and indicators of potential attacks.
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer will be responsible for monitoring local, network, and
remote connections. In modern IT systems, it is common for all
connection types to be classified as remote. A successful control
response will indicate if all connections are considered remote, and if
not, how each category is uniquely monitored.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer is responsible for deploying monitoring devices at
strategic and ad-hoc locations within the system. A successful control
response will identify the locations where monitoring devices will be
implimented. It is common for network service providers to implement
this control on behalf of tenants.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer will be responsible for protecting information obtained
from intrusion-monitoring tools from unauthorized access, modification,
and deletion. A successful control response will indicate data access
and management processes to ensure protection of the gathered data. It
is common for network service providers to implement this control
on behalf of tenants.
*/'


##### e
'//*
The information system must be capable of heightening the level of
monitoring during times of duress. A successful control response
will indicate increasing tiers of monitoring and analysis that is
available should a known, or suspected, attack occur. It is common
for network service providers to implement this control on behalf
of tenants. For example, Microsoft Azure for Government implements
this control on behalf of their IaaS users.
*/'


##### g
'//*
The customer will be responsible to ensure monitoring is aligned with
SI-4(a), that organizationally defined personnel or roles receive
monitoring information daily (and with capabilities for ondemand
inquiries). A successful control response will address the reporting
available to appropriate staff, and how on-demand reports can be
created. It is common for network service providers to implement this
control on behalf of tenants.
*/'

