#NIST-800-53-IA-4
##Identifier Management

#### Identification and Authentication

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for authorizing the assignment of
identifiers. A successful control response will need to address the
types of identifiers in use and the roles or personnel responsible for
authorizing each type.
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer will be responsible for selecting identifiers. Microsoft
AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control response
will need to address all identifier types and the means by which
uniqueness of identifier is assured.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer will be responsible for assigning identifiers. Microsoft
AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control
response will need to address communication of the assigned identifier
to indivuals, groups, roles, or devices.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer will be responsible for preventing the reuse of
identifiers for the required timeframe. Microsoft AAD solution may be
used for this purpose. Each account created within AAD is assigned a
unique identifier (different from username, device name, etc.) which
is never reused. A successful control response will need to address the
types of identifiers in use and the means by which reuse is
prevented.
*/'


##### e
'//*
The customer will be responsible for disabling user identifiers after
ninety days of inactivity, and other identifier types after customer-
defined periods of inactivity. Microsoft AAD solution may be used for
this purpose. A successful control response will need to address all
identifier types and the means by which disabling takes place.
*/'

