#NIST-800-53-IA-5
##Authenticator Management

#### Identification and Authentication

##### a
'//*
The customer will be responsible for verifying the identity of an
individual, group, role, or device as part of authenticator
distribution. A successful control response will need to address all
account types in use and the means of verifiacation for each (for
example, verifying an individuals identity with a government-issued
identification card).
*/'


##### b
'//*
The customer will be responsible for establishing initial
authenticator content, such as initial passwords. Microsoft AAD
solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control response
will need to address all authenticator types and the means by which
initial content is established for each.
*/'


##### c
'//*
The customer will be responsible for enforcing strength requirements
for authenticators. Microsoft AAD solution may be used for this purpose.
A successful control response will need to address all authenticator
types and the means by which strength of mechanism requirements are met
for each.
*/'


##### d
'//*
The customer will be responsible for establishing procedures for
authenticator distribution, redistribution, and revocation. Microsoft
AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control response
will need to address all authenticator types and scenarios, and the
procedures established for each.
*/'


##### e
'//*
The customer will be responsible for changing default authenticator
content, such as default passwords for customer-installed software. A
successful control response will address all situations within the
customer application where a default authenticator may occur and the
process by which changing the default content is enforced.
*/'


##### f
'//*
The customer will be responsible for setting minimum and maximum
lifetime restrictions and reuse conditions for authenticators.
Microsoft AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A successful
control response will need to address all authenticator types and the
lifetime restrictions and reuse conditions for each.
*/'


##### g
'//*
The customer will be responsible for refreshing authenticators at a
regular cadence, to include every 60 days for passwords. Microsoft AAD
solution may be used for this purpose. A successful control response
will need to address all authenticator types, the refresh cadence for
each, and the mechanism by which this cadence is enforced.
*/'


##### h
'//*
The customer will be responsible for protecting authenticator content
from unauthorized disclosure or modifiation. Microsoft AAD solution may
be used for this purpose. A successful control response will need to
address all authenticator types and the means used to protect each,
as well as end user training to ensure that users do not disclose
authenticators to unauthorized personnel.
*/'


##### i
'//*
The customer will be responsible for implementing specific security
safeguards to protect authenticators. Microsoft AAD solution may be
used for this purpose. A successful control response will need to
address all authenticator types and the means used to protect each, as
well as end user training to ensure that users do not disclose
authenticators to unauthorized personnel.
*/'


##### j
'//*
The customer will be responsible for changing authenticators for group
or role accounts when membership to those groups or roles changes.
Microsoft AAD solution may be used for this purpose. A successful
control response will need to discuss how group/role membership change
is detected and reported, the personnel or roles responsible for
changing the affected authenticators and the process or mechanism used
to perform the change.
*/'

